**Requirements:**
a)5000 ZCR
c)Dedicated IP
d)Port 17291 Available
c)Wallet ready, if you use linux compile it 
 (we use zcored to rpc server and zcore-cli to rpc client)

1) Make sure you know your ZCore data folder:
> **Windows 7+**  | C:\users\<your_user>\AppData\Roaming
> **Windows XP-** | C:\Documents and Settings\<your_user>\Application data\ZCore\
> **Linux**       | ./home/<your_user>/.zcore   or   ./root/.zcore
> **OSX**         | ~/Library/Application Support/ZCore/

2) In the wallet binary folder, execute:
`./zcore-cli getaccountaddress mn1`

3) In the same folder, execute:
`./zcore-cli genkey`

Save this key, we'll use it later

4) Now send exactly 5000 ZCR to the address generated at the 2nd step
5) Wait 15 confirmations 
6) Now lets get the txid with the following command:
`./zcore-cli masternode outputs`

7) After 15 confirmations, stop/close the wallet:
`./zcore-cli stop`

8) In the folder of the 1st step, create an file or open it, with the name: **zcore.conf**
9) In the zcore.conf file, change or insert this lines:
> rpcuser={ANY USER OF YOUR CHOICE}
> rpcpassword={ANY PASSWORD OF YOUR CHOICE}                                                                                > listen=1
> server=1
> daemon=1
> logtimestamps=1
> maxconnections=256
> masternode=1
> masternodeprivkey={GENKEY}
> bind={EXTERNAL IP}:17291
 
 Make sure that your **GENKEY** is the same generated in the 3rd step
 In the EXTERNAL IP, must be a dedicated one.

10) Now start your wallet and check for the masternode status:
`./zcore-cli masternode status`



**FAQ**

**Will I receives every block?**
R. No, there's a line to be followed here, so you will have to wait your turn.
Tip: Keep eyes on the block winners with this command: **masternode winners**

**Who pays the Masternode?**
R. All Block are generated by Miners in the pool's, so the pool is the responsible to  separate the Masternode reward. 
Not the developer.

**How much Masternode receives as reward?**
R. Masternodes receives 50% of the block generated, so will be paid 50% of the actual block reward.

**What means the following status "Node just started, not yet activated"?**
A. Your Masternode is starting and synchronizing... Wait a little bit.

**What means the following status "Masternode successfully started"?**
A. Your Masternode was successfully started... 

**What means the following status "Not capable masternode: Masternode not in masternode list"?**
A. You didnt pay the right price. Generate a new address, or make sure that your current address has 5000 ZCR. 

**What means the following status "Masternode input must have at least 15 confirmations"?**
A. Wait 15 confirmations to the 5000 ZCR before start the Masternode.

**My daemon is frozen?**
A. In the zcore.conf make sure that you have the line 'daemon=1' before start the daemon.
